# ResourcePack"Decryptor"

A simple tool to unpack corrupted zip files commonly used to "encrypt" Minecraft resource packs with tools like PackSquash.
 This is a proof of concept to show how easily those files can be unpacked. It's not intended to support real zip file
 encryption or some weird ways of corrupting zip files not targeting Minecraft resource packs. 

This program basically uses the same method as the Minecraft client to unpack the files.
 (Which honestly is [quite simple](https://github.com/Phoenix616/ResourcePackDecryptor/blob/master/src/main/java/dev/phoenix616/rpdecryptor/Main.java#L83-L95))

My personal suggestion is to not use such tools to "encrypt" your resource packs. It's not worth it and it's not secure.
 It might even trigger certain anti-virus and firewall software as it's a common way to hide malware in such zip files
 leading to players failing to download your (server) resource pack.
 (Btw. you can detect that case [with my plugin](https://frp.phoenix616.dev) ;D)

<details>
<summary>GitHub Copilot's take on why you shouldn't use such tools</summary>
If you want to protect your resource pack, use a license and/or watermark it. If you want to prevent people from
 modifying your resource pack, use a license that forbids it. If you want to prevent people from using your resource
 pack in their own packs, use a license that forbids it. If you want to prevent people from redistributing your
 resource pack, use a license that forbids it. If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack on their
 servers, use a license that forbids it. If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their videos,
 use a license that forbids it. If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their livestreams,
 use a license that forbids it. If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their mods, use a
 license that forbids it. If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their modpacks, use a license
 that forbids it. If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their own games, use a license that
 forbids it. If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their own software, use a license that
 forbids it. If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their own art, use a license that forbids
 it. If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their own music, use a license that forbids it.
 If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their own books, use a license that forbids it.
 If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their own movies, use a license that forbids it.
 If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their own TV shows, use a license that forbids it.
 If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their own comics, use a license that forbids it.
 If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their own manga, use a license that forbids it.
 If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their own anime, use a license that forbids it.
 If you want to prevent people from using your resource pack in their own games, use a license that forbids it.

(Yes, all of that was generated as one line by GitHub Copilot after I wrote "My personal suggestion is to not use such
 tools to "encrypt" your resource packs. It's not worth it and it's not secure." and pressed enter.
I'm not sure if I should be impressed or scared. 🤔 (this too was generated by Copilot 👀))
</details>


## Disclaimer

Just because you have the tool to unpack the files, it doesn't mean you have the right to use the files. Please respect
 the licenses and check with your local laws regarding what you are allowed to do with the files unpacked in such a way.
 **In some jurisdiction even the act of unpacking might be illegal as it could be counted as circumventing DRM methods!**


## Usage

```
java -jar ResourcePackDecryptor.jar <inputfile> [<outputfolder>]
```


## Building

```
mvn clean package
```


## License

This project is licensed under the AGPLv3 License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
```
    ResourcePackDescryptor
    Copyright (C) 2024 Max Lee aka Phoenix616 (max@themoep.de)

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```